# Ticketing Official Repo.

- `contracts/`: Directory for code related to the contracts deployed
- `front/`: Directory for code related to the live website

**Biticket**

Revolutionizing Ticket Sales with Web3 Technology

***Track:*** XCM integration

***Sponsored Challenge:*** Moonbeam, Build a connected contract with
Moonbeam

Introduction

Biticket represents a cutting-edge platform designed to empower creators
and their audience, offering a secure, decentralized, and easily
accessible environment. Leveraging the Moonbeam network as its
foundation, Biticket utilizes the innovative Axelar technology to enable
users to seamlessly create and purchase event tickets within the Polygon
network. This advanced dapp (decentralized application) presents users
with various interaction options, including the utilization of virtual
wallets such as Metamask for effortless blockchain interoperability or
the convenience of logging in through email integration with EIP-4337
(Account Abstraction), effectively broadening the platform\'s reach and
capabilities.

Overview

Biticket is a groundbreaking platform that has redefined the ticket
sales industry by leveraging the power of Web3 technology. Our mission
is to provide a decentralized and secure platform that ensures
authenticity, traceability, and fairness in ticket issuance and sales.
By integrating with Polkadot/Kusama/Substrate, Account Abstraction, and
Crust Network, we have created a highly innovative and technically
advanced solution that is reshaping the future of events and
entertainment.

The impact of Biticket within the Polkadot/Kusama/Substrate ecosystem is
immense. We harness the scalability and interoperability of this
ecosystem, ensuring unparalleled security, decentralization, and
performance. Users can trust in the authenticity and secure storage of
their tickets on the blockchain, preventing fraud and guaranteeing a
reliable experience.

Our platform creates substantial value for both event organizers and
attendees. Organizers gain complete control over their events, including
ticket issuance limits and transferability options. Account Abstraction
allows us to offer diverse payment choices, enhancing global
accessibility and attracting a broader audience. Attendees benefit from
owning digital tickets in the form of NFTs, granting them unique digital
memories and the ability to verify their ticket\'s authenticity. Through
XCM Integration, users can utilize their NFTs in other compatible
blockchain ecosystems, creating a seamless and interconnected
experience.

Biticket\'s contribution to Web3\'s advancement lies in adopting
decentralization, transparency, and reliability in ticket sales. We
empower users through NFT ownership and preferred payment methods,
fostering inclusivity and active participation in the digital economy.
Our platform drives widespread blockchain technology adoption, leading
to a future where events and entertainment are enjoyed securely and
efficiently.

The novelty and cutting-edge technology of Biticket set it apart.
Leveraging Crust Network for decentralized and censorship-resistant
ticket storage represents a significant leap forward in security and
privacy. Our solution is unique, providing an entirely fresh approach to
ticket sales and event management.

Scalability and adaptability are at the core of Biticket. Building upon
the highly scalable Polkadot/Kusama/Substrate infrastructure allows us
to handle a vast number of transactions and users without sacrificing
performance. XCM Integration enables seamless adaptability to other
blockchain ecosystems, making us an interconnected and multi-chain
compatible platform.

Security and privacy are paramount to Biticket\'s architecture.
Utilizing blockchain technology ensures robust protection against ticket
counterfeiting and manipulation. Data is stored in a distributed manner
on Crust Network, guaranteeing the integrity and privacy of digital
tickets. Users can trust that their personal data and transactions
remain protected at all times.

Biticket\'s sustainable and future-oriented design is underpinned by a
robust and scalable business model. Our platform is poised to become a
key player in the Web3 ticket sales industry. Crosschain
interoperability and Biticket\'s potential as a springboard for future
projects secure our position in the blockchain ecosystem.

In conclusion, Biticket is the leading platform revolutionizing ticket
sales for events, reshaping how attendees experience entertainment. Our
unique blend of advanced technologies, security, and adaptability
positions us at the forefront of Web3. Embrace the exciting revolution
and join us in a future where events and entertainment are enjoyed
securely, transparently, and inclusively. Welcome to Biticket, the
future of decentralized ticket sales!

Project Description

Biticket is a platform based on blockchain technology dedicated to the
issuance, sale, resale, and verification of digital tickets using
non-fungible tokens (NFTs). The platform utilizes blockchain technology
to provide transparency, security, and authenticity in ticket sales for
events.

By creating NFT tickets, Biticket allows event organizers to issue
unique and indivisible digital tickets. Each NFT ticket is registered on
the blockchain, ensuring its authenticity and preventing counterfeiting.
These tickets can be customized according to the specific needs and
specifications of each event.

Biticket also offers verified profiles for event organizers and users,
which helps build trust within the community. Verified ticket contracts
ensure the validity of transactions and the authenticity of the issued
tickets.

The platform supports payments with stable cryptocurrencies and
traditional fiat currencies, providing users with flexibility in their
payment options. Additionally, blockchain technology enables ticket
traceability, allowing transparent tracking of each ticket\'s history
and preventing unauthorized resale.

Biticket also offers customization options, such as creating collections
of NFT tickets with exclusive rewards or additional benefits for ticket
holders. This provides users with a unique and exclusive experience at
events.

In summary, Biticket is a blockchain platform that utilizes non-fungible
tokens (NFTs) for the issuance and sale of digital tickets. It provides
authenticity, security, and transparency in ticket sales, offering event
organizers and users a reliable and efficient ticket management
solution.

How Biticket Works

Biticket functions using blockchain technology and non-fungible tokens
(NFTs) to transform the issuance, sale, and verification of event
tickets. Below is a general explanation of how Ticketing works:

***Issuance of NFT Tickets:*** Event organizers can use the Biticket
platform to create and issue unique and digital NFT tickets for their
events. Each ticket is registered on the blockchain as an NFT, ensuring
its authenticity and traceability.

***Ticket Sales:*** Users interested in attending an event can access
the Biticket platform to explore and purchase available tickets. They
can conduct transactions using stable cryptocurrencies or traditional
fiat currencies, depending on the options supported by Biticket.

Ticket Verification: Upon entering the event, users present their
digital tickets in the form of NFTs. These tickets are verified using
blockchain technology to ensure they are authentic and have not been
used previously. This helps prevent counterfeiting and unauthorized
ticket resale.

***Burning Used Tickets:*** Once an NFT ticket is used to enter an
event, it is registered on the blockchain and \"burned.\" This means it
is taken out of circulation and can no longer be used again. However,
the metadata and the NFT itself remain as a digital memory of the event.

***Benefits and Customization:*** Biticket can offer additional benefits
to ticket holders, such as access to exclusive content, discounts, or
special privileges. Additionally, event organizers can customize their
NFT tickets with unique features, such as special rewards or additional
experiences for attendees.

***Security and Transparency:*** The blockchain technology used by
Biticket ensures security and transparency throughout the ticket
issuance and sales process. Information recorded on the blockchain is
immutable and accessible to all participants, helping prevent fraud and
providing confidence in ticket authenticity.

It is worth mentioning that the exact way Biticket operates may vary
depending on the implementation and specific features of the platform.
It is advisable to refer to the official Biticket documentation for
precise details on its functioning and features.

Common Challenges in Traditional Ticket Sales

Traditional companies in the event ticketing industry often face a
series of challenges and issues. Some common problems include:

***Counterfeit Tickets:*** Physical tickets can be easily counterfeited,
leading to revenue loss for event organizers and disappointment for
attendees.

***Unauthorized Resale:*** Traditional companies often struggle to
control unauthorized ticket resale at inflated prices in the secondary
market. This can create an uneven experience for attendees and generate
a lack of trust in the ticketing system.

***Lack of Transparency:*** Traditional ticket sales methods may lack
transparency regarding ticket availability, prices, and fair
distribution. This can generate discontent among customers and
challenges for event organizers in managing demand.

***Fraud and Security Issues:*** Traditional companies may face
challenges in securing customer data and protecting against fraud in
ticket sales transactions.

***High Fees and Operational Costs:*** Traditional companies often
charge high service fees, which can increase the final ticket prices for
consumers. Additionally, operational costs associated with physical
inventory management and logistics can be significant.

***Geographical Limitations and Accessibility:*** Traditional companies
may have limitations in terms of geographical reach and accessibility
for attendees in remote locations or outside their coverage area.

These problems have led to the need for innovative solutions like
Biticket, which use technologies such as blockchain and non-fungible
tokens (NFTs) to address these challenges and provide an enhanced
ticketing experience for events. By leveraging the decentralization and
security provided by the Moonbeam ecosystem, Biticket can offer a more
secure, transparent, and reliable ticket issuance and sales system.

In conclusion, Biticket is a blockchain-based platform that utilizes
non-fungible tokens (NFTs) for the issuance and sale of digital tickets.
By leveraging the decentralization and security of blockchain
technology, Biticket addresses common challenges in the ticketing
industry and provides an innovative and enhanced solution for event
organizers and attendees. With transparency, security, and additional
benefits, Biticket has the potential to revolutionize the way we buy and
experience events today.

Mission of Biticket

Our mission at Biticket is to revolutionize the event ticketing industry
through the adoption of blockchain technology and non-fungible tokens
(NFTs). We strive to provide a decentralized and secure platform that
ensures authenticity, traceability, and fairness in ticket issuance,
sales, and resale. Our goal is to offer a reliable and enhanced
experience for both event organizers and attendees while fostering
inclusivity, transparency, and innovation in the ticketing market.

Vision of Biticket

Our vision at Biticket is to become the world\'s leading platform for
the issuance and sale of digital tickets through blockchain technology.
We aim to establish strategic partnerships with renowned event
organizers and offer innovative solutions that transform the way tickets
are managed. We seek to promote global accessibility to events, ensure
the authenticity and security of tickets, and enhance user experiences
by providing exclusive and personalized benefits through our
non-fungible tokens (NFTs). We aspire to be recognized as a reference in
the industry, driving massive adoption of blockchain technology in the
ticketing market and leaving a positive impact on the entertainment and
events industry as a whole.

The User Process in Biticket would be as follows

***Registration and Wallet Linking:*** The user registers on the
Biticket platform and has the option to link their digital wallet to
their user profile. This will allow purchased tickets to be converted
into NFTs and displayed in their profile as digital memories.

***Event Exploration:*** The user can explore the available events on
the platform. They can see a list of active events, relevant information
about each event, and ticket availability.

Joining the Virtual Queue: If the user finds an event they wish to
attend, they can join the virtual queue to purchase a ticket. This gives
them the opportunity to secure a place in the queue and wait for their
turn to make the purchase.

***Payment Options:*** During the purchase process, payment options are
offered. The user can choose to pay directly with stable
cryptocurrencies using Metamask or opt to pay with a debit or credit
card if they prefer to use fiat currencies.

***Minting of NFT:*** Once the payment is made, the corresponding NFT
for the event collection purchased is minted. The NFT is created with
event data, such as the name, date, location, etc., and may include a QR
code that provides access to the NFT\'s sales history.

Using the Ticket and Blockchain Registration: When the user attends the
event, they present their digital ticket in the form of an NFT. By
scanning the QR code or performing the corresponding verification, the
ticket is registered and marked as \"burned\" on the blockchain. This
indicates that the ticket has been used and cannot be reused.

***Digital Memory:*** Although the ticket is marked as \"burned,\" the
NFT and its metadata remain in the user\'s wallet as a digital memory of
the event they attended. Users can access their profile to view and
remember the tickets they have acquired in the past.

This process provides users with a convenient, secure, and transparent
experience in purchasing and using tickets for events through blockchain
technology and NFTs.

***User:***

In Biticket, users can create a profile that includes personal
information such as their name, country, and the linked wallet to their
account. This profile will allow them to have an overview of their
activity on the platform.

Within the profile, users can visualize the NFTs of the events they have
attended. These NFTs will represent the purchased tickets and serve as
digital memories of the events. Additionally, users can be awarded
medals for attending events, providing an additional incentive to
participate and explore different experiences.

The platform will also allow users to leave comments and ratings about
the events they attended. This will encourage interaction and feedback
between attendees and organizers, creating an active community and
sharing experiences.

In the profile, users can also view the events they have created, along
with their specifications and details. This will provide a complete view
of the user\'s participation both as an attendee and as an organizer.

Regarding payments, these will be integrated into the platform\'s smart
contracts. When an NFT is burned upon using the ticket, the
corresponding payment will be released and transferred to the event
organizer. If a ticket has been purchased but not used, after 3 days,
the NFT will be burned, and the money will be released to the organizer.

These features provide transparency in payments, incentivize active user
participation, and promote interaction between attendees and organizers
on the Biticket platform.

***Event Organizer:***

In Biticket, event organizers will also have a profile where they can
provide information about their company or themselves as organizers.
This profile will allow them to create and showcase events on the
platform with all their specifications.

Organizers can generate tickets for their events, setting features such
as whether they are transferable or not, the total number of tickets to
be issued, and the maximum number of tickets each wallet can purchase.
This provides flexibility and control over ticket distribution.

The platform will also have a verification process for organizers,
ensuring the authenticity and reliability of the events offered on
Biticket.

Organizers will have access to a dashboard where they can view the list
of wallets that possess tickets for their event. This will provide them
with a clear view of sales and ticket distribution, as well as the
number of tickets purchased and those still available.

Additionally, they can access detailed information about past events
they have organized, including details such as dates, location,
description, etc. This will allow them to maintain a complete history of
their previous events.

Organizers will also have the ability to award medals to users who
attended their events as a form of reward. Additionally, they could
explore other ways to reward attendees using their wallet address, such
as offering discounts on future events or exclusive benefits.

In summary, Biticket will provide event organizers with a comprehensive
profile with options to create, manage, and promote their events, as
well as a clear view of sales, event history, and the ability to reward
attendees in various ways using their wallet address.

Improved User Experience using Account Abstraction

Biticket successfully integrated Account Abstraction, resulting in a
host of benefits in terms of functionality and efficiency. Account
Abstraction, a feature available in certain blockchain platforms,
allowed for the separation of the account concept from the smart
contract concept, revolutionizing Biticket\'s operations.

Following the seamless integration of Account Abstraction, Biticket
experienced significant improvements in user interaction with the
platform:

Simplified Transactions: Users could now interact with Biticket without
the need for specific cryptocurrencies to pay transaction fees. Instead,
they conducted transactions using traditional currencies or any other
form of value accepted on the platform, streamlining the entire process.

Enhanced Privacy: Account Abstraction heightened privacy levels by
concealing certain transaction details on the blockchain. Users could
now keep their financial information more confidential, ensuring a
secure and private experience on the platform.

Empowered Smart Contracts: The integration of Account Abstraction
empowered Biticket to develop more flexible and powerful smart
contracts. These contracts directly interacted with external accounts
and accessed off-chain information, opening up new possibilities and
functionalities for the platform.

Improved Interoperability: Account Abstraction facilitated smoother
interactions between Biticket and other blockchain platforms and smart
contracts. This newfound interoperability made it easier to integrate
with external service providers, payment systems, or any other protocol
based on smart contracts, enhancing connectivity.

The successful integration of Account Abstraction marked a significant
milestone for Biticket. The platform experienced greater flexibility,
heightened privacy measures, and seamless interactions with external
blockchain platforms. The user experience was vastly improved, and
transactions and contracts were managed more efficiently than ever
before. This achievement solidified Biticket\'s position as a
cutting-edge blockchain platform, paving the way for continued growth
and success in the cryptocurrency industry.

Roadmap - What the future looks like for Biticket

Fourth Quarter 2023:

Phase 1: Usability Improvements and Basic Functionality

-   Enhance the user interface for a more intuitive and user-friendly
    > experience.

-   Implement an advanced search system to find events and tickets more
    > efficiently.

-   Integrate a notification system to keep users informed about events,
    > updates, and important changes.

Phase 2: Security and Authentication Features

-   Implement two-factor authentication (2FA) for an additional layer of
    > security in user accounts.

First Quarter 2024:

Phase 3: Interoperability and Payment Methods Expansion

-   Integrate more blockchains and cross-chain technologies to expand
    > platform interoperability and enable transactions with different
    > cryptocurrencies.

Second Quarter 2024:

Phase 4: Advanced Reputation and Community Functions

-   Expand the non-transferable medals system to include additional
    > categories and specific achievements within the platform.

-   Implement a review and rating system for events and organizers,
    > allowing users to leave feedback and opinions about their
    > experiences.

-   Create forums and discussion groups to encourage community
    > participation and information exchange between users and
    > organizers.

Third Quarter 2024:

Phase 5: Addition of Private Events Functionality

An additional functionality that will be added to the Ticketing platform
is the option of private events, where the event creator can selectively
invite specific users.

-   Creation of Private Events: The event creator has the option to mark
    > an event as \"private\" when setting it up on the platform. This
    > option will only be available for events that require selective
    > invitations.

-   Selective User Invitation: Once the private event is set up, the
    > creator will have the ability to invite specific users through the
    > Ticketing platform. This can be done by sending personalized
    > invitations to selected users, either via email addresses
    > associated with their Ticketing profiles or through internal
    > notifications on the platform.

-   Attendance Confirmation: Users who receive an invitation to a
    > private event will have the option to confirm their attendance
    > within the Ticketing platform. Upon confirmation, they will be
    > provided with a personalized NFT ticket for the event.

-   Exclusive Access: Only users who have been invited and confirmed
    > their attendance will be able to access the private event. This
    > can be implemented by generating unique QR codes for the NFT
    > tickets and verifying the codes at the event venue.

-   Privacy and Security: Additional privacy and security measures must
    > be implemented to protect the information of private events and
    > ensure that only invited users have access. This may include data
    > encryption and proper access control to event information.

-   Management of Private Events: The event creator will have access to
    > additional tools and functionalities to manage private events.
    > This may include the ability to send specific updates and
    > reminders to invited users, manage the guest list, and track
    > attendance.

Crust Network:

With integration with Crust Network, Biticket could further leverage
decentralized file storage and distribution capabilities to enhance its
functionality and efficiency. Crust Network is a decentralized file
storage network based on blockchain, utilizing technologies like IPFS
(InterPlanetary File System) and Polkadot to facilitate secure and
efficient data storage and retrieval.

Here are some ways Biticket Ticketing could benefit from integration
with Crust Network:

Secure and Decentralized Ticket Storage: Biticket Ticketing could
utilize Crust Network\'s storage network to store digital tickets in a
secure and censorship-resistant environment. NFT tickets could be stored
in a distributed manner on the network, ensuring availability and
resilience against failures.

Improved Speed and Efficiency: Crust Network employs a decentralized and
distributed storage approach, meaning data is stored in multiple
locations and accessed concurrently. This could enhance the speed and
efficiency of retrieving digital tickets, reducing waiting times and
improving the user experience.

Cost Reduction: By leveraging decentralized storage on Crust Network,
Biticket could reduce costs associated with traditional centralized
storage. Distributing tickets on the Crust network would eliminate the
expenses of infrastructure and maintenance of centralized servers,
potentially making the platform more cost-effective for event organizers
and users.

Enhanced Security and Authenticity: Integrating Crust Network could add
an extra layer of security and authenticity to digital tickets. Storing
tickets on a blockchain-based decentralized network would provide
additional protection against counterfeiting and manipulation, backed by
the immutability and transparency of blockchain technology.

Overall, integration with Crust Network would allow Biticket to utilize
decentralized and distributed storage infrastructure to enhance the
security, efficiency, and resilience of the platform. This provides
event organizers and users with a more reliable and robust solution for
the issuance, sale, and verification of digital tickets.

Renting the service to implement the system on other websites and
selling the ticket sales service.

A resale section where users can securely and controlledly resell their
tickets.

Interaction with Account Abstraction to further simplify transactions
and enhance user privacy.

Developing a smart contract that others can use and paying a fee for its
use, generating a new source of income for Biticket.

Creating a website for large events with limited accessibility for
exclusive events and another site for smaller events open to the general
public.

Promoting integration with other services and platforms to increase
Biticket 's visibility and reach in the ticket sales market.

Creating private events where the creator invites users, and they must
mint only their NFT.

Team Description

-   Matias Guagliardo

Project Manager

As a self-taught Project Manager, my expertise lies in successfully
creating and delivering software development projects from ideation to
execution. Additionally, I have extensive experience in Quality Content
Moderation, Fraud Analysis, and exceptional customer service in the
hospitality and retail sectors. I excel in multilingual support and
possess a diverse skill set, including sales, customer support, language
teaching, marketing activities, team management, and partnership
development. My resilience, organizational skills, attention to detail,
and ability to collaborate effectively make me a valuable asset to any
team.

Linkedin Profile:
[[https://www.linkedin.com/in/mat%C3%ADas-guagliardo-b496a2122/]{.underline}](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mat%C3%ADas-guagliardo-b496a2122/)

Github Profile:
[[https://github.com/Mattteus1]{.underline}](https://github.com/Mattteus1)

-   Eduardo Mannarino

Back End Developer

I\'ve been in the software industry for more than 23 years. Started
developing Desktop Applications, then Web Applications and since 2020
I\'m participating in the blockchain ecosystem. My main stack is
Javascript, Node/Nest, Solidity, React/Next, SQL-NoSQL and REST-GraphQL.
I\'m a versatile person, love to learn and passionate about technology.

Considering blockchain as disruptive and game-changer technology, I aim
to contribute to the ecosystem building solutions that integrate it to
solve real problems of life.

Linkedin Profile:
[[https://www.linkedin.com/in/eduardo-mannarino-5b8b73128]{.underline}](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eduardo-mannarino-5b8b73128)

Github Profile:
[[https://github.com/edumannarino]{.underline}](https://github.com/edumannarino)

-   Martin Berguer

Front End Lead Developer

I am a Software engineer and Machine Learning Masters degree student. I
have more than nine years of experience in Full stack Development,
working in a wide spectrum of projects, from bioinformatics to AI and
IoT. I started my professional experience working as a PHP Teacher at
the University I was studying at, and then I switched to java, then
node, until I started working with my favorite tech stack so far which
is python and react. But, beyond that, I am a crypto enthusiast and I
love what blockchain represents and the problems it could solve in the
future, and that's the main reason why I have been interested in
building a challenging project on top of the moonbeam ecosystem.

LinkedIn profile:
[[https://www.linkedin.com/in/mberguer/]{.underline}](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mberguer/)\
Github perfile:
[[https://github.com/MBerguer]{.underline}](https://github.com/MBerguer)

-   Damian Vazquez

Full-stack developer

Meet Damian, a passionate full-stack developer who is dedicated to
integrating web3 technologies into the market. With a strong belief in
building transparent relationships using blockchain.

Equipped with expertise in both front-end and back-end development,
Damian leverages their skills to create innovative solutions that
enhance user experiences. By harnessing the power of web3 technologies,
Damian aims to foster trust, security, and decentralization in the
market. With a deep understanding of emerging trends and a commitment to
continuous learning.

Linkedin Profile:
[[https://www.linkedin.com/in/damian-vazquez-4a262a28/]{.underline}](https://www.linkedin.com/in/damian-vazquez-4a262a28/)

Github Profile:
[[https://github.com/damivazbien]{.underline}](https://github.com/damivazbien)

-   Gustavo Matta

Business manager:\
\
Develop a project plan. Manage the deliverables according to the plan.
Create the project team. Establish a project schedule and determine each
stage. Assign tasks to project team members. Communicate frequently with
senior management.

Linkedin Profile:
[[https://www.linkedin.com/in/gustavo-adolfo-matta-lopez-312baa181/]{.underline}](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gustavo-adolfo-matta-lopez-312baa181/)

Github Profile:
[[https://github.com/BetX19]{.underline}](https://github.com/BetX19)


